How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

The program will show the differences in the two files, and it will help find the error faster

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?


This will help reduce the time to search for errors and bugs, improve performance, thereby helping to accelerate the process of work at times.

If you need to go back to the old version
If you do not understand the part of the code
If you need something from the old version of the code


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?


Advantages of working with Google document that you do not even think about backups and preservation, but it does everything automatically for you.
Cons You can not do that offline

Advantages of working with HIT system, you know yourself where better to do a commit, which put a break Point if it will be necessary to return to it.
You can do everything on the local repository and push to the main repository later.

Cons - Forgetting to do during commit


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?


I think in a Google Doc people do not work with a lot of files at once

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

1)'git log' to see commit history list 2) git diff It allows you to see what you've changed but not yet indexed (This command compares the contents of your working directory with the index of the content. The result shows is not indexed by the change.)

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?


Because we do commits and can at any time to return to commit any, it is not afraid to try something and afraid to make a mistake.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I'll be sure to use git for their projects on which I am learning